
index.html loads latest/scripts/bootstrap.js which loads latest.js and
PC/1.7.0./scripts/bootstrap.js.  There are two different bootstrap.js
files, located in different directories.

latest.js sets PC.latestVersion. (This has a random subscript in the
original version, which was removed here.  The random subscript is
most likely used to prevent caching.)

1.7.0/scripts/bootstrap.js creates the object PC and defines utility
functions such as handleException(), addEvent(), asyncLoad(),
setProperties(), etc.  It computes a baseURL (location based off which
other files are loaded).  It also stores the invocation parameters
(here, widget: "single", state: "IL") in PC.hashVars.  Finally loads
core.js.

core.js defines more utility functions, in PC.Utils, for loading
stylesheets, manipulating arrays, etc.  Then it loads, in our case,
single.js.

single.js loads controller.js, dataItem.js, mortality.js, active.js.
And then animation.js, dataItems.js, single.css, IL.js.  Finally it
creates several html elements: title, div for hint, some animation,
and more importantly the mini-pages used to ask questions and show
results.

In controller.js PC.QuestionController is defined, the framework for
loading requirements from the state files, sorting them, expanding
alternatives, asking questions, and computing results (including
annuities).

dataItem.js seems to have utility functions related to dates and other
data types, but also for creating appropriate forms for different
questions (e.g., radio buttons), etc.

mortality.js has mortality rates, active.js has the states supported.

animation.js is a Yahoo library.

dataItems.js seems to have different questions and corresponding
validation checks.

IL.js has the dataitems and requirements for Illinois.

